README.md, before:

# Hiof branding

## About

This is functionality to add a Høgskolen i Østfold branding-bar at the end of the DOM (and visually at the top of the page).


## Copyright

- This project is distributed under a GNU General Public License v3 - Take a look at the COPYING file for details. 


## Install


Install [Git](http://git-scm.com) if it's not already installed on your computer. Then run (this will download this project to the folder the shell has open):

    $ git clone https://github.com/hiof/hiof-branding.git

Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) if it's not already installed on your computer. Then run (this will install the project dependencies):

    $ sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
    $ npm install

The following commands are now available within the project folder `$ grunt build`.

- $ grunt build: Compiles and builds the hiof-branding package


## Releases

[Github releases](https://github.com/hiof/hiof-branding/releases)

### Roadmap

v1.0.0 - Initial hiof-branding functionality

Commit message:

Switched from Less to Sass + updated dependencies + fixed padding issue
Signed-off-by: Kenneth Dahlstrøm <kenneth@keda.no>

README.md, after:

# Hiof branding

## About

This is functionality to add a Høgskolen i Østfold branding-bar at the end of the DOM (and visually at the top of the page).

## Required knowledge

This package require knowledge of the following technologies, technics and modules:

- [Javascript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript)
    - [ES2015](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECMAScript#6th_Edition)
    - [Babel](https://babeljs.io)
    - [jQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - [JSON](http://jsonapi.org)
- [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)
    - [Sass](http://sass-lang.com)
- [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML)
    - [Handlebars](http://handlebarsjs.com)
- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)
    - [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com)
- [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com) and Grunt tasks (see `Gruntfile.js` for details)
- [Bower](http://bower.io)
- [SSH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com)
    - [Github](https://github.com)

## Copyright

- This project is distributed under a GNU General Public License v3 - Take a look at the COPYING file for details.


## Install


Install [Git](http://git-scm.com) if it's not already installed on your computer. Then run (this will download this project to the folder the shell has open):

    $ git clone https://github.com/hiof/hiof-branding.git

Install [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) if it's not already installed on your computer. Then run (this will install the project dependencies):

    $ sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
    $ npm install

The following commands are now available within the project folder `$ grunt build`.

- $ grunt build: Compiles and builds the hiof-branding package


## Releases

[Github releases](https://github.com/hiof/hiof-branding/releases)

### Roadmap

v1.0.0 - Initial hiof-branding functionality
